{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red10\green82\blue135;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green114\blue1;\red251\green0\blue129;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40000\c60000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c83922;\cssrgb\c0\c50980\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c7843\c57647;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24660\viewh17640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Course Website\
https://keystone.cs.txstate.edu/personal/teaching/cs5352/sum-II-20/index.html\
\
Course Forum\
https://keystone.cs.txstate.edu/teaching/class_bbs/    |    
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cs5352/20DC1920   |  xiong_zebo | youknowwater\
\
\
\

\fs24 \

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Peng
\f2 \'cc\'e1\'ce\'ca
\f0 \
****************************************\
philosopher \'97>  critical sections \
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/use-posix-semaphores-c/ \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14913 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
void
\f4\b0 \cf5 * 
\f3\b \cf3 thread
\f4\b0 \cf5 (
\f3\b \cf3 void
\f4\b0 \cf5 * arg) 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \{ 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cf6 //wait 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \cf5 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0sem_wait(&mutex); 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f3\b \cf7 printf
\f4\b0 \cf5 (\cf8 "\\nEntered..\\n"\cf5 ); 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \'a0\

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cf6 //critical section 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \cf5 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0sleep(4); 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \'a0\

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cf6 //signal 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \cf5 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f3\b \cf7 printf
\f4\b0 \cf5 (\cf8 "\\nJust Exiting...\\n"\cf5 ); 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0sem_post(&mutex); 
\fs30\fsmilli15064 \

\fs29\fsmilli14913 \} \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 Lecture 3 \'a1\'aa> Page 3 \'a1\'aa> bullet number 2 \'a1\'aa> connect less communication \'a1\'aa> emails in BITNET ???  What about internet 
\f4 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
There are many computers in the nodes, they all have ip and MAC address. \
\
They will have different ip but will they somehow have same MAC address?  (Does MAC addresses are unique for all devices globally)\
\
\
\'97>  my computer\'92s public address is \'93IPv4\'94, in where I will use IPv6?  What situation I can use IPv6\
\
\'97>  Connectionless communication has two types:  1)  Real connectionless communication like IP 2) Connection oriented connectionless like ATM\
\
\
****************************************************************************************************************\
As we discussed in last week, we know there are: \
\
1. Connection oriented communication (such as TCP)\
2. Connectionless oriented communication (such as UDP)\
\
In Connectionless Oriented Communication, there are two kinds: \
    1) Real communication less like IP \
    2) Connection oriented connectionless communication such as ATM data line to the bank. \
\
- Circuit/Packet Switching operates on Layer 3\
- TCP/UDP operates on Layer 4\
\
- TCP/IP is fully packet-switched.\
- TCP/UDP are datagram protocols.  \
\
Do the above statements have problem?  \
\
Other questions are: \
1. Does ATM use virtual circuit which is still packet switching?  \
\
2. Besides PSTN, any other circuit switching applications in daily life? \
\
3. Does UDP using packet switching? \
\
4. Virtual Circuit Approach - Packet Switching VS Circuit Switching \
\
\
\
**************************************************************************************************************** \
Does email most case using TCP or UDP?  (Need checksum etc) \
\
Lecture 3 \'97> page 13 \'97>  But why telephone system need checksum????\
\
Why email in BITNET using UDP which is connectionless commutation?????  (What about the email today???)\
\
\
\
\
**************************************************************************************************************** \
\
Lecture 3 \'97> page 13 \'97>  point (3) \'97> d \'97> accounting?????? What is it? \
\
Lecture 3 \'97> page 13 \'97>  point (3) \'97> d \'97> multiple vs multiplex  \'97> the difference \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}